Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back now,
before we progress,
when I want to do is make sure that your settings in your visual basic editor are exactly
the same of the settings I have in mind.
So with your visual basic in view come up to tools on from tools,
I want you to come down to options and just left Click and you will get this window appear
here.
Now,
in the term called editor,
make sure that your tick boxes are precisely the same as this.
Don't worry about this variable declaration.
We'll cope with that in a later lecture when we look at variables.
But trust me for now,
with the code that you've just imported that is going to cause you more headaches than you
would believe.
So just leave that one.
UnTech orto list members is an absolute must have,
as is auto quick info.
So just make sure that all of your tick boxes much this precisely.
Okay,
Now,
the next thing we're gonna have a look at is the editor format.
And here you can change the way that VB E displays its code,
so I'm gonna leave it exactly as it is.
but have a play around with this.
So if we chose normal text here,
we could say size 14 for example,
make it OK,
and you can see that all the code becomes an awful lot bigger.
Now,
I'm just going to scroll down that,
actually,
because if all of the code that I've written fits within that view,
I am probably going to leave it like,
yeah,
perhaps it's a little bit too big.
I'm gonna go tills Options editor for matter may set it to 12 though,
just so it's gonna be a little bit easier for you to read on the screen.
Okay?
Yeah,
Okay.
We'll work with that.
On the other options that you have in here.
Tools,
options,
eliecer format.
You could see that there are different types of text which we looked up briefly in the last
section on.
You can change the colors or the size or or kinds of different things.
So have a play around with this on Get it to something that you're happy with.
Let's have a look.
If so,
come in text,
which is the ram you can see currently it's green.
So if I went in here and click red and clicked.
Okay,
All of my rimmed text goes red.
I'm just gonna undo that.
So it's going tills options at its on.
I'm gonna say comment,
text.
I'm gonna put it back to the green That it waas Okay.
Okay.
So have a play around that until you get the settings.
Just as you like them on.
I'll see you in the next lecture where we're gonna have a look at a really important thing
.
So when she have written your masterpiece of coding,
no one can go in and play with it.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.